Describe the mechanism for allocating more memory that physically exists on a
host.

The mechanism for allocating more memory than physically exists on a host is
called virtual memory. Virtual memory is a memory management technique that
provides an "idealized abstraction of the storage resources that are actually
available on a given machine" which "creates the illusion to users of a very
large (main) memory." This is done by using a combination of hardware and
operating system software to create a virtual address space that is larger than
the physical memory available on the system. The operating system manages this
virtual address space and uses a combination of techniques such as paging and
swapping to move data between physical memory and disk storage as needed.

When a program requests memory from the operating system, the operating system
allocates a block of virtual memory to the program. This virtual memory is
divided into fixed-size blocks called pages. The operating system then maps
these pages to physical memory or disk storage as needed. If the physical memory
is full, the operating system can move some pages to disk storage to free up
space in physical memory. This process is known as paging.

In addition to paging, the operating system can also use a technique called
swapping to move entire processes or parts of processes between physical memory
and disk storage. This allows the operating system to free up physical memory
for other processes when needed.

Overall, the mechanism for allocating more memory than physically exists on a
host involves using a combination of virtual memory, paging, and swapping
techniques to manage memory resources efficiently and provide the illusion of a
large memory space to applications running on the system. 
